.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH RIEMANN-CLIENT 1 "2014-10-12"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
riemann-client \- Connects to a Riemann server to send events or query the index
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B riemann-client
.RI [CONNECTION_PARAMETERS]
.RI send
.RI [EVENT_PARAMETERS]
.br
.B riemann-client
.RI [CONNECTION_PARAMETERS]
.RI query
.RI [QUERY]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B rieman-client
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Query parameters
.TP
.B \-H, \-\-host
Riemann server hostname.
.TP
.B \-P, \-\-port
Riemann server port
.TP
.B \-T, \-\-transport
The protocol to use to connect to Riemann.
.TP
.B \-I, \-\-timeout
Timeout for TCP based connections.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-ca-certs
A CA certificate bundle for TLS connections.
.br
.SS Event parameters
.TP
.B \-T, \-\-time
Event timestamp (unix format)
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-state
Event state
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-service
Event service name
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-host
Event hostname (uses system's by default)
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-description
Event description
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-tag
Event tag (multiple)
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-tt1
Event time to live in seconds
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-attr, \-\-attribute
Event attribute (key=value, multiple)
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-metric, \-\-metric_f
Event metric (uses metric_f)
.SH AUTHOR
python-riemann-client was written by Sam Clements <sam@borntyping.co.uk>.
.br

.PP
This manual page was written by Alexandre Viau <alexandre@alexandreviau.net>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
